
project : Employee Management system Application

intoduction : It is a javascript based web application . it allows you to add employee details and provides you the
            CRUD operation in employee record and data is stored in mongodb database.

keywords : javascript , node.js , express.js , mongodb.

packages installed : express , nodemon , ejs ,body-parser , dotenv , mongoose ,axios , jwtwebtokens etc.

About this project:
This is a javascript based application which allows you to store employee details and provide crud operation in employee record 
and data is store in a mongodb database. express.Js, node.Js and ejs engine are used in this project.

An user can signup with fullname,email and password.OTP document with user data is stored in a temperory collection in datase .
 An OTP generate and it will send to the user via email with nodemailer. User should verify the otp . if OTP verified then user 
 can access the dashboard and otp document will delete from temperory collection in datase then the data is saved into new 
 collection "UserSchema". If a user email already registered you can signup again.

 login:
    when a user login , a json web token is generated and its save in client browser as a cookie. So user can access dashboard 
    without login next time. Token will delete if user logout from the dashboard.

Avatar upload :
 Employee avatar is save using multer package. it saves in a folder in server side and the filename will save in 
the document of that particular employee in database.

validation:
    you can submit employee form only after the validation. i didnt use the default validation method.

pagination and search operation:
    I used pagination and search operation in a single route. i used aggregation pipeline for this operation. At first stage i 
    used match operator. then it sends to facet operator, 2 aggregations are working on it. First one is for Calculating total 
    number of documents after match operation , second is for slicing the require documents using $skip and $limit operators for 
    search operation.

